This config works as follows:

Structure:
The allowed weapons text file is a list of all weapons that will be shown as options in the game.
The game will throw an error if you include a weapon name on the allowed weapons list that is not in
the weapons.csv file.

The weapons.csv file dictates the stats of any weapon. This can include weapons that are not in the
allowed weapons text file, but it is discouraged to do so.

To make sure that a weapon is loaded into the game, the first value in its entry in weapons.csv must
match one of the values in the allowed_weapons.txt file.

Additionally, the allowed_weapons.txt & weapons.csv files must have the names listed in alphabetical order
to ensure that they are parsed correctly.

weapons.csv Fields:
name: The name of the weapon, must match with a value in the allowed_weapons.txt file if intended to be in game; values - string
weapon_type - The general type of weapon; values: AXE, CLUB, DAGGER, FIST, HAMMER, KATANA, MACE, SHIELD, SPEAR, SWORD
damage_type - The type of damage this weapon deals; values: BLUNT,  PIERCING, SLASHING
num_attacks - The number of attacks a unit can make with this weapon; values - int
damage - The damage done per successful attack; values - int
effect_type - The special property of the weapon; values - BLEED, BLOCK, POISON, STUN, NONE
effect_damage - The damage related to an effect; values - int
effect_percent - the percentage related to the effect; values - decimal < 1

Effect explanations:
BLEED - When this weapon hits, the target's bleed meter fills up by "effect_percent". If the bleed meter is filled up to 1.0, 100%,
the target takes "effect_damage" slashing damage, and the bleed meter resets.

BLOCK - Your block_chance additively increases by the "effect_percent".

POISON - When this weapon hits, the target's poison meter fills up by "effect_percent", up to 1.0. At the end of the turn the target
takes damage equal to "effect_damage" * mult, where mult is determined by the current fullness of the poison meter.
mult    range
1       0.0 - 0.17
2       0.17 - 0.34
3       0.34 - 0.51
4       0.51 - 0.68
5       0.68 - 0.84
6       0.84 - 1.0

STUN - When this weapon hits, the target's stun meter fills up by "effect_percent". If the stun meter is filled up to 1.0, 100%, the
target adds an instance of stunned, and the stun meter resets. A unit that has an instance of stunned reduces the number by 1 and
skips their turn.